Welcome to Step 4 of the course in terms of the what why and how upset for are kicking off with the
what where are we going to learn.
We will learn how to create an incredibly detailed management section of your business plan including
the strengths and weaknesses of all employees.
If you have employees that is so that we know how to address potential weaknesses or gaps in our skill
sets that the reader of our business plan might be worried about and we will always anticipate all questions
that our readers of the business plan.
And we'll address them in a very detailed fashion and we're always preemptive when we make our business
plan as we don't want our readers to ever feel like we haven't addressed all issues.
And so if we're very very thorough and thoughtful with our business plan right up then this is a reflection
of how amazing our execution might be which will make our readers more likely to approve of our business
plan.
Now step four will really help you understand if there if there are material gaps in the skills of your
management team and we will cover exactly how to address all weaknesses by giving or creating or making
a group of board advisors to help you out.
And we'll discuss exactly how to get a board of advisors for free.
OK.
And this will really really help you feel confident about the overall quality of your business plan
and your management team.
And this will really really impress the reader as well.
And I'm going to teach you exactly how to network to get these board advisors.
Again it costs you nothing.
And we will also discuss having consultants or contractors or people that we outsource certain business
activities to and we'll call them partners and we'll include that if we want to it's optional in the
management team section.
And this will make your business plan management section look incredibly thorough.
Now every battle is won before it's been fought.
And we're always incredibly preemptive when we create our business plan and what we do is we anticipate
every single question that our readers might have.
Now there's several or several optional questions.
In Step Four like what is our recruiting strategy.
You know what is our employee retention strategy etc..
And you can always skip these questions because their label is optional.
OK let's move on to why.
Why are we making an incredibly detailed management section and why is the management section this early
in your business plan.
Well the reason is because most successful investors and entrepreneurs and business ikons know that
ideas are commodities but execution is not and they don't ever invest in or approve of a business plan
unless they're very confident and comfortable with the management team.
Lastly how how are we going to learn about these management concepts together.
Well as with all steps in the course we will start with the inputs and analysis by answering many questions
together and you can always look at my sample answers if applicable from shark virtual reality.
Then after we are done answering the questions and we are done with the inputs and analysis part then
what we'll do is we'll move on to the outputs part where you will also be able to see images of our
employees of a cabal and the logos ads where they worked or went to school etc. and I can't teach exactly
how to get these images and how to customize this section.
And for those of you that might want to also make a presentation of this business plan what you document
in your answers here for Step 4 will automatically be added to your slides.
And as always I'll explain exactly how to do all of this.
Now you'll see that I included a couple of checkboxes so you can disable items that are not applicable
to your business plan including turning off the board slash advisory section of your business plan and
turning off the outsource partners options part as well.
And I architected Part 4 of the spreadsheet so you can have up to 10 employees in your output and I
will elaborate upon this in much more detail in the next couple lectures.
Thanks.